{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hello! This video is going to showcase some of the simple apps I\'92ve developed. The first two are pretty self explanatory so I\'92m just gonna let those play out.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This next app is a tip calculator. It\'92ll accept any decimal number that you input and it will let you choose either ten, fifteen, twenty percent, or any other percentage you might want to give out as a tip. Let\'92s assume we go to a restaurant and our total comes out to fifteen dollars with thirty four cents. When I choose ten percent, the labels will show us the tip and total amounts for that percentage. The same happens when choosing fifteen and twenty percent. As for other, we would input our desired amount, let\'92s say we\'92re feeling generous, and decide to give our waiter fifty percent. After pressing other it\'92ll give us the corresponding tip and total amounts.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This next app is the Mind Reader V3, since it went through two other iterations of itself. Basically it\'92ll prompt us to think of a number, and once we tap next, it will give us instructions to figure out what number we thought of in the first place. For now we will choose twenty three as our number and hit next to follow the instructions. So we\'92ll multiply by five, uhh making it one hundred fifteen - plus five, giving us one twenty - multiply by two, making it two forty - and we\'92ll add two to it, giving us two forty two. And that will be our total. Once we hit next the app will tell guess twenty three, which is correct, and it will prompt us if we want to play again, which if we do the app will begin to repeat the process.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 And now to boot up this final app. I would say this is my more ambitious application I want to develop. It is a platforming game, and we have our little robot character here. As you can see, it still has a few bugs as she can latch on with that little corner of her head onto the platforms that she is trying to jump to. And she is able to long jump if you hold the \'93A\'94 button, or perform a short hop if you just tap the button. Here we can see her moving around and latching on with her head, and jumping around these platforms. If she falls to a certain distance, the game will reset to her starting position.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 And that\'92ll be the end of this video showcasing some of the simple apps I\'92ve developed. I hope you enjoyed it and thanks for watching.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Note - Credits for the music go to: www.bensound.com}